#summary Welcome to the RPGM homepage.

= Introduction =

Welcome to RPGM !

This project is currently under development and will need extensive documentation, though at the time I am working on getting up to date with the old website.

Note that as of October 13th 2010 RPGM is now officially open-source and welcomes contributors of all kind.

= But what is it ? =

RPGM will be (it's not functionnal yet) : 
 * A documentation management system, allowing you to store your core rules, campaigns scenarios, maps, characters,  in several widely available formats (PDF, web, rtf and doc are planned too)
 * A campaign organisation tool. Use your documentation to complement the structure of your campaign. Gain quick access to  the content you need, when you need it. Sequence the events in your scenarios, structure the locations your PCs will visit and organise your NPCs and encounters in groups and subgroups.
 * A campaign building aid. Start little, then build up. Create a group of actors and reuse them throughout your campaign. Create a scenario and add chapters, sequences, link maps, describe how your story will unfold.
 * (Not implemented yet) An audio ressource management system. Associate audio ressources with your scenario parts, so you have easy access to it whenever you need your PCs to hear them

= What Next =

Well, you might want to have a look at the [http://code.google.com/p/rpgmanager/downloads/list Downloads] section to grab the latest stable RPGM version.

If you have trouble running RPGM, have a look at the [Install] page where you will find a detailed tutorial on how to download and install RPGM on your system.

If you successfully started RPGM and still don't know what you're doing, check the [Tutorials] page.

If you would like to help the RPGM crew, see the [Contributing] page.

= Details =

Things to do before anouncing version 1.0
  * Finish *WIKI* documentation and screenshots _and_ videos
  * Wrap up technical details needed to simplify the current API
  * Finish the new features before release (persistance layer, workspace management)
  * Work on game specific plugins 